# Assessing Agentic Benchmarks for Rigorous Evaluation

## News
- [2024-06-14] We have released a [patch](https://github.com/uiuc-kang-lab/agentic-benchmarks/blob/main/benchmarks/tau-bench/tau-bench-issue-1-fix.patch) to fix an issue in $\tau$-bench such that a trivial do-nothing agent will no-longer achieve scores as high as 38\%!
- [2024-06-14] We have released a [case study](https://github.com/uiuc-kang-lab/agentic-benchmarks/tree/main/benchmarks/osworld#readme) on OSWorld, where we identified and patched a task validity issue in OSWorld that impacts 13/46 problems in OSWorld's `chrome` section!
- [2024-05-15] [UTBoost](https://www.arxiv.org/abs/2506.09289) is accepted to ACL 2025! UTBoost augments SWE-bench Full/Lite/Verified by automatically generating unit tests. Feel free to check our [code](https://github.com/uiuc-kang-lab/agentic-benchmarks/tree/main/benchmarks/swe-bench)!
- [2024-05-14] We released a [website](https://uiuc-kang-lab.github.io/agentic-benchmarks/) for ABC!

## Overview

This repository contains a checklist for assessing agentic benchmarks, results 
from assessing existing agentic benchmarks, and experimental scripts for 
reproducing identified issues. 

```bash
agentic-benchmarks/
├── ABC.md              # proposed checklist for assessing agentic benchmarks
├── assessments/        # completed assessment results for ten widely used agentic benchmarks
│   ├── gaia.yaml
│   ├── swe-bench.yaml
│   ├── ....
├── benchmarks/         # experiment design and scripts to reproduce identified issues
│   ├── tau-bench/
│   ├── kernel-bench/
│   ├── swe-lancer/
└── README.md
```


## Agentic Benchmark Checklist (ABC)

ABC is composed of three sections:
1. Outcome Validity: the success signal (e.g., tests or checks) truly indicates 
   that the task has been completed
2. Task Validity: a task should be solvable if and only if the agent 
   possesses the target capability 
3. Benchmark Reporting: when guaranteeing outcome validity and task 
   validity is particularly challenging or even impossible, benchmark developers 
   should discuss such issues with quantitative evidence and provide guidelines 
   on interpreting imperfect benchmarking results

We provide all items of ABC in `ABC.md`. 

## Newly Identified Issues

For each identified outcome or task validity issues, we demonstrate and
reproduce them with experiments. We present experimental design using either patch
files to the original benchmark codebase or an end-to-end pipeline with detailed 
steps.

### 1. Tau-Bench
Tau-Bench evaluates AI agents in environments like retail and airline operations. 
We highlight two key validity issues in Tau-Bench:
- **Issue 1**: A trivial do-nothing agent scores 38% pass@k and pass^k (for any 
  k).
- **Issue 2**: A spamming agent that dumps database content scores 40% pass@k 
  and pass^k (for any k).

#### Reproducing Issues
- **Issue 1**: Apply `exploit-1.patch` and run the trivial do-nothing agent.
- **Issue 2**: Apply `exploit-2.patch` and run the spamming agent.

Refer to [benchmarks/tau-bench/README.md](benchmarks/tau-bench/README.md) for detailed instructions.

---

### 2. Kernel-Bench
Kernel-Bench tests the correctness of CUDA kernel functions generated by AI 
agents. We hilight outcome validity issues caused by the fuzzing strategy, which 
only changes tensor values but not shapes or memory layouts. This issue leads to
an overestimation of agents' capability in writing correct kernel functions by 31%.

#### Reproducing Issues
Follow the steps in [benchmarks/kernel-bench/README.md](benchmarks/kernel-bench/README.md) to reproduce and analyze the issues.

---

### 3. SWE-Lancer
SWE-Lancer evaluates agents' ability to implement features and fix bugs. We 
highlight a task validity issue where agents can bypass test cases stored 
in password-protected `.zip` files.

#### Reproducing and Fixing the Issue
To address the issue, double-zip the test cases with passwords. 
See [benchmarks/swe-lancer/README.md](benchmarks/swe-lancer/README.md) for details.

---

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you want to submit new assessment results, request
an assessment correction, or send feedback or questions, please submit a pull 
request or open an issue.
